Proctor I'm not another up to Dan net up
NASA's name moon is around the street
give looking at it's called the sausage
roll I don't engineer well that's lovely
to the lender twice
here you know providing you really
clears up bassani aspires to be so busy
life look up to who's your hero there's
my heroes i any good time really at the
moment well kid guys at johnson your top
my less funny yes I having a baby the
only one thing I'm missing out there's a
man you surfing has got a name out there
for me hooking up at the moment I've got
either Simba optimist or question 1 yeah
it's you in that August so I'm so stoked
that yeah up brings people out when I
tell them that I grew up up the coast
spent a good part of my childhood up
there surfing and um yeah like all costa
kids even had much i named fiona board
till I was about 15 minutes sponsor so
I'm bothered by then I by two national
titles and still couldn't get up get
aboard I was running my old man somebody
of people eyes to go around a lot more
that's just that's all we hear in
machine sorry bro hi how's the old one
what's all gone we went in or how we
looking 2010 can die tour I've had my
ups and my downs more downs in the up
top 11 event down and a nose from here I
grew up on this thing and it's part of
the fun
what are we looking at plans for the
future was my man futures looking bright
thanks for asking we got on I'm trying
to take on the auditory and then
hopefully qualified Mississippi games
the world city next team and it seemed
like a blast your place like plaster and
so if it's superb with the team it's all
guy